# Courses
linkedin.com##:xpath(.//div[contains(@data-id, 'urn:li:lyndaCourse')])

# Sponsored posts (old version) - Kills promoted jobs too. I want that so disabling it
#linkedin.com##:xpath(//*[(text()[contains(.,'Promoted')])]/../../../..)

# Sponsored posts (old version) - Kills promoted jobs too. I want that so disabling it
#linkedin.com##:xpath(//*[(text()[contains(.,'Jobs recommended for you')])]/../../../../../../..)

#www.linkedin.com###voyager-feed
linkedin.com#?#.feed-shared-update:-abp-contains(Promoted)
linkedin.com##.ad-banner
linkedin.com#?#.feed-shared-update-v2:-abp-contains(Promoted)
linkedin.com##iframe[src="about:blank"]

! 2021-04-06 https://www.linkedin.com
www.linkedin.com##.scaffold-layout__aside
www.linkedin.com##.jobs-home-galapagos-promo-board
www.linkedin.com##.feed-shared-promo

! Ad Banner
linkedin.com##.ad-banner-container

! Navigation - Try Premium for Free
linkedin.com##.nav-item__try-premium

! Homepage T - Like article / Like and comment
#linkedin.com##LI.member-comment-share
#linkedin.com##LI.member-like-share
#linkedin.com##LI.member-like-poncho-post

! Homepage Feed - People like you are watching
linkedin.com##LI.lyndaCourse-singleton

! Homepage Feed - Is now following
linkedin.com##LI.member-follow-company

! Homepage Feed - People in your network have new connections
linkedin.com##LI.many-members-connect-members-rollup

! Homepage Feed - Sponsored Updates
linkedin.com##LI.linkedin-sponsor

! Homepage Feed - Reconnect with your colleagues
linkedin.com##OL.promo

! Homepage Feed - Influencers / Recommended
linkedin.com##LI.people-follow-recommend
linkedin.com##LI.people-connect-recommend

! Homepage Feed - Now Following
linkedin.com##LI.member-people-follow-member
linkedin.com##LI.member-follow-channel
linkedin.com##LI.member-follow-company-digest

! Homepage Feed - Joined group
linkedin.com##LI.member-join-group

! Homepage Feed - Pulse
linkedin.com##LI.linkedin-recommend-pulse

! Homepage Feed - Jobs recommended for you
#linkedin.com##.jymbii-update

! Homepage Feed - People You May Know
linkedin.com##LI.linkedin-recommend-pymk

! Homepage Sidebar - People You May Know
linkedin.com##LI#pymk-container
linkedin.com##LI.props-container

! Homepage Sidebar - You Recently Visited
linkedin.com##DIV#recent-activities-widget

! Homepage Sidebar - Your LinkedIn Network
#linkedin.com##DIV#network-stat-widget

! Homepage Sidebar - Jobs You May Be Interested In
#linkedin.com##DIV#jobsForYou

! Homepage Sidebar - Companies You May Want To Follow
linkedin.com##DIV#companiesForYou

! Homepage Sidebar - Groups You May Like
linkedin.com##DIV#groupsForYou

! Homepage Sidebar - Ads
linkedin.com##LI.ad-container
linkedin.com##DIV#topTextAd

! Homepage Sidebar - Upsell
linkedin.com##DIV.wvmp-upsell

! Homepage Sidebar - Notify your network?
#linkedin.com##DIV#edit-notify-network

! Homepage Sidebar - Add new skills with these courses
linkedin.com##DIV#course-recommendations

! View Profile - People also viewed
linked.com##DIV#siteflow-widget-next.snug-fit

! People You May Know - Hide non-members
linkedin.com##DIV#pymk_cards_container LI.card.guest

! Sidebar - Footer
linkedin.com##DIV#rr-footer
linkedin.com##LI.sidebar-footer-container

! Sidebar - How Youâ€™re Connected - Upgrade
linkedin.com##DIV#annotations-2

! Upsell Premium
linkedin.com##DIV.upsell
linkedin.com##.premium-upsell-link

! Upsell Company Insights
linkedin.com##DIV#insights-upsell

! Jobs - See jobs where you'd be a top applicant
linkedin.com##.jymbii-top-applicant-jobs-upsell

! Jobs - Get ahead with Premium Career
linkedin.com##.jobs-upsell

! Let recruiters know that you're open to new opportunities
linkedin.com##LI.ic-upsell

! Get ahead with Job Seeker Premium
linkedin.com##DIV.fast-growing-companies-upsell

! Privately tell recruiters you are open to new opportunities
! Get ahead with Job Seeker Premium
linkedin.com##SECTION.right-rail-upsell

linkedin.com##DIV.premium-insights
linkedin.com##DIV.feed-shared-promo

! See how you compare to the competition
linkedin.com##DIV.insights-upsell-premium-button-container
! Try Premium for free
linkedin.com##DIV.insights-upsell-value-description-container

! People You May Know - Invite Your Contacts
linkedin.com##LI.pymk-card.promo

! Remove further sponsored 
linkedin.com##[class*='--is-sponsored']